I don't think "overreacting" is the right word here.  But I think that many of us have fallen victim to society's conventional thinking with regards to teen pregnancy, childrearing, and how one "should" feel in circumstances like these when young people end up getting pregnant.  I would recommend that you try to set aside these feelings and focus on how you really feel in your heart about your son, his girlfriend, and your feelings about being a grandfather.

To try and explain, let me tell you a story.

I have a male relative who, around 18 or 19, got his female roommate pregnant.  He had just entered college and they were living together.  She was attracted to him, but he didn't want to be her boyfriend.  Apparently one night when they were drunk, they had sex and she got pregnant.

This event was a huge scandal for the entire extended family.  Up until that point, he'd been a bright young man that everyone expected to have a great future.  Now he'd gotten this girl - who wasn't even his girlfriend - pregnant.  Everyone was shocked and disappointed, his parents were angry and devastated at how he'd just thrown away his entire future.  It was a source of shame, gossip, and general talk for a few months and then again at every family gathering I was aware of.  The girl and her parents aren't super-religious or anything (the family is kind of religious but not overly so), but she decided to have the baby.  It was a girl.

In the months and years that followed, I heard scattered reports of how they were coming along  (I wasn't very close to them, and had my own stupid problems).  One report, in particular, stuck out in my mind.  Apparently at one point he broke down at his parent's house crying about how he wasn't ready to be a father, whereupon at some point one of his parents told him that it didn't matter, he was a father now and that it was time for him to man up and take responsibility for his actions.  Until then he'd been leaving the baby girl at his parents' house and going out, and generally being completely absent as a dad.

A few more years pass.  I learn that he went back to school and is now living together with the mother.  Apparently after he got over being freaked out (a process that took many months, perhaps even a year or so), the mother got a job as a nurse at a local hospital to support him while he went back to school and finished his degree.  At some point they moved in together.  After he graduated, he got a well-paying job working in IT, and in turn supported her while she went back to school.

Sometime during all of this, my girlfriend and I went to visit family and had dinner with the them.  Their baby girl was now something like 7 or 8 years old, and extremely intelligent and well-behaved.  We all went out together and this kid was eating vegetables on her own, and talking about how much she liked school.

That experience had a profound effect on me and how I view unplanned pregnancies that happen to young people: that they don't necessarily ruin your life.  If you have a supportive family, if you have a partner who is willing to be a responsible spouse or co-parent (and I know this isn't common), an unplanned pregnancy is just a temporary detour.

Today I have a couple very young children of my own.  I led a "responsible" life - I went to college, got a job, got a couple promotions, and then my wife and I started having kids.  But I look at this guy and his girlfriend, and his wonderful, 13-year-old daughter who is one of the top students in her class and one of the most popular kids at school, and I think, this guy didn't screw up his life at all, he got a head start on it.

----

One of the very unusual things that strikes me about your situation is that your son and his girlfriend apparently decided on purpose to get pregnant.  Of course, no one can say for sure if they'll stay together or not.  Having a small child, especially when you're young and unprepared, is extremely difficult for any couple.

But I'll tell you that the support of his parents (and the support of her parents, if they are around and willing) is one of the biggest determining factors as to whether your son will approach this challenge with a sense of determination and responsibility.  You are his father, and it's your place to teach him what it means to become a man and a father.  If you can convince his girlfriend's parents to participate too, that will only make things better.  

So my recommendation is this: rejoice in the fact that you are a grandparent.  Love your son.  Love his girlfriend, who is perhaps your new daughter-in-law.  Welcome her into your family.  Because no matter what happens, you are all bound together now by this child who is about to come into the world.  It can be a happy occasion, the beginning of a lifelong merging of lives.  No dreams have been destroyed, not unless you let them.  They may be delayed a bit, but if you all decide to play your parts as parents and grandparents, you will be more than adequately repaid in the years to come.

Lastly, best of luck to you and your new family, no matter what form it eventually takes.