Almost every religion bills itself as a faith of peace.  

To me, this means that either we simply take them at their word, and accept that every religion really is a faith of peace, or we apply a somewhat stricter standard and come up with some acid tests.

I don't like the wishy-washy answers that say "well, we are talking about billions of people and thousands of years so we really can't say" because they don't really try to answer the question.  Christianity is a thing, and we can try to say things about it.

So let's compare Christianity to another world religion that has a much more plausible claim to being a faith of peace, namely, Buddhism.  Buddhism is incredibly pacifistic, and there are very few people who would argue that it is not a faith of peace.  What I'm trying to do here is first answer a similar, but related question, i.e. "Is X a faith of peace?" where "X" is a religion such that the answer to the question is much more clearly "yes."

Having done that, we then look at the stated beliefs (i.e. theory) and the behaviors of its practitioners (i.e. practice) and see how much they resemble that of Buddhism and Buddhists.  Is it very similar?  History seems to say no.

So Christianity is probably not a faith of peace.

At the same time, I'm not sure that it's a faith of war either.

There's not a major world religion that makes a good canonical, uncontroversial example of a religion that's a faith of war, probably because any faith that is truly pro-war eventually gets into a fight it can't finish, and its practitioners get wiped out.  History is replete with minor (or extinct) religions that were in fact quite warlike, and Christianity does not resemble those in large part either.

Therefore, I think we have to accept the answer that Christianity is neither a faith of peace nor a faith of war.

This isn't really that strange, because few people are people of peace or peope of war.  Unless you're an avowed pacifist (rare) or an inveterate hawk (also rare), you're just somewhere in between.  Sometimes you get into fights, and sometimes you turn away from them.

Thus, the logical answer to the question, as phrased, is "no" or "﻿false."