This is a long-standing question at the intersection of anthropology and felinology that has remained long-unanswered for many centuries.

Luckily, with the advent of modern computing and networking technology, we have begun to be able to answer it.  Today's internet and meme-creation culture have resulted in the widespread captioning of cats, finally giving us insight to what they have to say.

It turns out that cats seem to speak in a modified dialect of English, characterized by a different style of verb conjugation and spelling (e.g. "I can haz"), including a tendency to abbreviate or shorten their declarations in a style reminiscent of famed 20th-century writer Ernest Hemingway.

Perhaps the first and most notable of the "speaking cat" ambassadors was a shorthaired gray cat, known best for his utterance in requesting comestibles:


Other communications include an admonishment/warning that a cat may be hidden in the ceiling and is viewing your private activities:


It is unclear if the cat is expressing approval, merely giving a sympathetic friendly warning, or even admiration.  Again, the terseness of the cats' messages gives rise to some ambiguity as to their subtext.

The cats have also begun to participate in internet communications themselves, helping to patrol conversations and moderate forums:


Note again that the feline convention in verb conjugation varies from that of standard English nomenclature.  Yet, the message remains clear: this cat does not approval of your hijinks.

On the human side of the equation, much credit goes to Ben Huh (pictured below), a pioneering felinologist, businessman, and (self-described) "internet content connoisseur" for recording, aggregating and helping to popularize and rebroadcast numerous feline communications at his human-feline embassy[1].  He, like the unnamed gray-haired short shown above, are among the first in an important interspecies collaboration in new forms of communication.


In general then, we find that the modern internet communications and networking technology has revealed that cats concern themselves with (1) food, (2) their observations from unique vantage points, and (3) content quality on discussion boards.



----

[1] Academics looking to learn more about future research directions may find Mr. Huh's cat-human embassy and communications center here: http://cheezburger.com/