Until John Morrow comes in with a better answer that's actually relevant to international relations, I'll say this:

This sounds very similar to a corporate development concept wherein it's almost impossible to get two companies to sign a wide-ranging strategic agreement that addresses multiple points.  Instead, you start off with lots of small agreements over time addressing minor issues, so that the two groups of people become comfortable working with each other, gradually building up to the ability to forge more substantive deals.  In my experience, it seems that people in any two camps are naturally suspicious of each other, first assuming that any large and complex proposal  (a "grand bargain") involves some hidden trickery (even if it appears to be fully to their mutual benefit), and then if agreement seems imminent, there is a lot of incentive for either side to hold the negotiations hostage in order to try and extract more concessions from the other side, which may appear to be close to agreeing.  This behavior naturally puts the other side on the defensive, which moves the parties away from final agreement.  Things oscillate back and forth until the negotiations just break down and/or the parties tire of trying to get the deal done.  I've seen this dynamic play out between teams inside the same company, between small startups, as well as between large companies.

Instead, it is easier to first strike a small-stakes deal and once that begins to bear mutually beneficial fruit, to strike progressively larger deals, especially as the negotiating parties and principals have begun to trust the other.  There is also the additional incentive not to "sour" the new negotiations too much because it could harm goodwill and damage the existing beneficial arrangements (the smaller, earlier deals).

I'm guessing that international relations, which is an even more complex and high-stakes negotiation game, is prone to this sort of game theory and inter-group dynamic.  But I don't actually know anything about international relations, so once again I hope someone who does will answer.