Hopefully it's good.

Perhaps you've observed the following happen on Quora: a feel-good, popular answer - or merely a well-written and crowdpleasing answer by a user with a lot of followers - ends up being the top-voted (or highly-voted) answer on a page, while a more accurate answer containing correct information languishes further down[1].

For an example, see: What are some signs that someone is going to be a good CEO?

Originally, the answer by Osandi Sekou (now much further down the page) was the top-voted answer.  Based on my understanding of various CEOs and in checking with some other people with similar knowledge, it was pretty clear that this answer wasn't based on any real knowledge derived from observing multiple CEOs, and instead was top-voted because it represented what people want to believe they should have in their CEOs.  The answer isn't totally incorrect, but it's not the best answer.  Instead, the now top-voted answer by Scott Edward Walker was much more credible, despite it potentially making some rather unpleasant and far less popular assertions.  Osandi Sekou's answer was posted to the Downvote Cabal with this notation, and with sufficient agreement from various other users, the answer got pushed down a bit and Scott's answer got more visibility.  I now believe that Osandi's answer occupies an appropriate position on the page - it's sort of an uninformed feel-good answer that coincidentally happens to be partially correct - but it doesn't contribute substantially or credibly as an answer.

Notably, the Downvote Cabal is comprised of individuals, each of whom chooses for themselves whether applying a downvote is appropriate.  I'd be lying if my own posts to that board doesn't receive a bit more attention because of my power user status, but because downvotes are still completely hidden, there's no way to tell who chooses to downvote or not.  What the board really does is bring together people who are concerned about this particular type of dysfunction - the herd upvoting of popular/feel-good answers - and provides a place where potential instances of this dysfunction can be brought to the group's attention and then each member can individually and privately decide if they agree that the answer should be downvoted (and better answers on the page upvoted).  It tends to admit power users, primarily ones with a curmudgeonly but still earnestly pro-Quora mindset.  It also tends to skew towards people who've been around the block a bit and have some life experience and/or bullshit-detection skills.

So, the board represents an attempt to organize non-admin users to patrol and curate content quality on Quora.  Studies of social software show that creating a class of users with special powers written into the software itself (like the Quora admins) in order to curate content tends to institutionalize into a self-perpetuating bureaucracy, see What is the MODS=GODS -> The Cabal -> MODS=FAGS progression in the evolution of online communities?.

Therefore, we formed the Downvote Cabal (the word cabal is used ironically) so that users could patrol content and behavior as a "concerned citizens group" using only the power of the downvote - a power available to all users - in the way that a group of citizens in a democracy might come together to form a voluntary civic union.

If this is something you are concerned about and you have a record of useful contributions to Quora as well as a sense of restraint when it comes to avoiding answering questions where you don't think you have something significantly useful/insightful to add, please send us a note and apply to be a follower of the cabal.

----

That said, I should also explicitly clarify that I am myself a reviewer (and I think a few others in the cabal are), though not an admin.  Reviewer status is much more widely dispersed - at one point it was passed out to a very large fraction of power users in an attempt to use pure numbers to catch up on a reviewing backlog. However, there are two fairly active admins who participate in the group - John H. Hillman, V and Ian C. Grieve, whose applications to join were casually accepted [2] back before we realized that it was important for user-level credibility for the Downvote Cabal to be organizationally separate from the Admin Corps. The potential corruptive (or appearance of corruptive) effects of their participation in the Downvote Cabal has been pointed out to me by a number of users, but so far as we're aware neither of them has been using their admin powers to crush any content posted to the group.

Update 2012 Jan 11: John H. Hillman, V and Ian C. Grieve have been removed from the Downvote Cabal.


[1] Sometimes answers I write personally end up causing this problem - I might have only a layman's understanding, but I end up getting more upvotes than a real expert further down the page.  It's very hard for me to correct this type of thing - I could delete my answer, but there's some partial usefulness to it - and even attempts to tell people to not vote for my answer don't work since a lot of people just read in their feeds and upvote there if the answer sounds good.  Subsequently, over time I've started to only answer questions where I'm much more sure that I know what I'm talking about compared to Quora's early days when I was just answer willy-nilly.
[2] The UI is pretty fast-clicky - it's just "Approve/Deny" and you've seen their names before all over the site so you figure they're pretty good active users, so you just go ahead and click Approve.  Oh well.