There are a lot of diet-related reasons you can give to explain this answer, but I think they are no more reliable than diet advice in general, which I have found to be almost universally mutually contradictory and ultimately unverifiable.  With the exception of "eat less sugar" and "avoid processed foods," there are pretty much no rules that every diet agrees on - there is a diet out there touting every possible combination of foods and all of them have proponents who swear by them and PhDs who cite medical studies backing up their claims.

So there is a much more mundane explanation for this that has nothing to do with diet:

The variance in appearance between people due to (1) genetics, (2) sun exposure due to lifestyle, and (3) makeup application, filtered through modern photoshopping techniques, is far, far larger than the effects of a good or poor diet on a person's appearance.

To break it down:

It's well-known that certain people age much more gracefully than others, simply due to genetics.  For example, Asians.
Lifestyle factors such as stress and sun exposure greatly affect how someone looks, especially their face and skin.  For example, a vegan granola-girl type might very well have a lifestyle that involves spending a lot of time outside in the natural sunlight.
Makeup makes a huge difference, and women (especially those who have a public persona, e.g. celebrities and people on television) are often wearing lots of it.
Lastly, I'm sure you've all seen those comparative pictures of how models are made to look radically different/better due to photoshop techniques.  These are often applied even to "ordinary" press photos, so you can rarely trust them.

For some instructive links, see:
http://www.horizontalimage.net/2...
http://audreymagazine.com/chines...

Combining any of these factors in either direction yields a likely variance which, especially with pictures on the internet, is going to far, far larger than the variance in someone's appearance that results from diet.  There just isn't any really great data involving twins (or even close siblings) living similar lifestyles but having widely-varying diets to be able to control for this variable, so I'd be skeptical of things like the internet meme posted in this question.