Because pick-up artist (PUA) strategy is much like strategy in Starcraft: 

People who don't play the game (i.e. ones who just watch replays) focus too much on "micro," or the most visible aspects of the strategy, and this is the cause of their inability to fully understand it.  Most people - especially women -  think it's about ridiculous hats, rehearsed insults and cheap sex, when those things are really just little shortcuts to learning how to be more confident and socially graceful.

Starcraft strategy is separated into two areas, termed "micro" and "macro."  Macro focuses on economy and unit production - successful macro results in superior numbers and faster army deployment.  Micro focuses on controlling individual units or groups of units for maximum effect.  In any individual engagement where unit composition is roughly even, skilled micro can allow the player to dominate that engagement - or even defeat a opponent who brings somewhat superior numbers.  

However, good macro almost always has an overwhelming advantage over good micro: in Starcraft, if you build a stronger economy and produce more units faster, you can simply overwhelm your enemy with greater numbers.  Great micro makes for flashy games and exciting replays, but no one who is watching games is interested in watching a player who never gets supply-blocked or chronoboosts correctly - that stuff is boring.  Viewers aren't gamers, so they don't see or care about that stuff.

The best image I could find for "Starcraft" and "Pick-up Artist."

Here is where women don't understand pick-up artist strategy: if you actually read books like The Game, you will find that they are based primarily on core "macro" strategies and that in the public eye, it's only the surface techniques (e.g. negging, peacocking, kino) that get attention.  Instead, the book first and primarily exhorts the would-be practitioner to master a number of basic behaviors that almost all women openly say they desire to see from men: good hygiene and dress, being willing to approach without fear, and having confidence.

Those behaviors are the "macro" of pick-up artist technique.  Just like in Starcraft, a player who has good micro but terrible macro isn't going to get anywhere - you might be good at kiting and achieving fast concavity, but if the opponent has 10x your units, you're still dead.  Likewise, a man with poor grooming, bad clothes, who never talks to women and has terrible self-confidence is not going to get anywhere with women (or anyone) no matter how well he masters "body-rocking."  The school of "picking up women," in reality, is primarily geared towards teaching men who are unsuccessful with women that these basics must be mastered.  The other tricks come later, and really aren't necessary (or tend to flow naturally from the behavior of a confident man who is strong on the basics).

Interestingly, men who have already mastered those core "macro" behaviors - perhaps as a result of being raised well and having natural confidence - don't have much use for pick-up artist strategy, because like a Starcraft player, if you are good at the macro, you don't really need to learn too much micro.  Sure, you can learn it to improve your gaming performance incrementally, but having good macro takes you 90% of the way there.  Pick-up artist strategy doesn't just involve its "micro" behaviors - not by a long shot - but also explains to men that they need to dress well, be well-groomed, they need to go out and get comfortable approaching women, and find ways to develop their self-confidence.  All of those things are things that women, when asked, say that they want to see from men. Those behaviors are the "macro" of picking up women - pick-up artist practitioners and actual Starcraft players know this because they are forced to master all of them before "micro" has any beneficial effect.  But unlike the flashy maneuvers in an exciting replay, they don't get much press because they're boring.  

Lastly, because women are not doing it (there is typically no need for a woman to pursue), and neither are spectators playing the game, they don't see the boring yet entirely essential macro.  All they see - and think - is that the game involves clever maneuvering and tricky techniques.