I was asked to answer this question, so I guess I will.

The answer has more to do with general organizational dynamics than Facebook itself.  It turns out that almost all sizable companies go through cycles of "dividing things up into product verticals" and "unifying things according to functional areas."  They actually go back and forth repeatedly between these two states, each time doing so in order to become faster, more nimble, more agile, more efficient, etc.  If you spend any time inside a large company, you will likely witness this process occurring.

It turns out that this isn't just stupid company shuffling (or sometimes it is, but both types of re-orgs are done for good reasons).  Both arrangements have their benefits, and companies organize themselves into one of them depending on how certain dynamics and trends happen to be playing out at the time inside the company.

In Facebook's case, the company likely wants to make each of these verticals more immediately responsive to (1) market conditions and (2) Zuck's overall product mandates.  Each vertical will be able to operate more independently from the others, which improves speed.  The drawback is that standards between verticals will begin to drift apart, as there will be no organizational force that synchronizes some of those standards between them.  This is not a total and immediate de-synchronization, but rather a slow drift that occurs inevitably when different groups are working towards different goals (even if the goals are aligned at the top).  The AllThingsD article is vague as to the placement of teams like the infrastructure group, which I assume is still reporting to Mike Schroepfer, so presumably many key aspects of core technical infrastructure will still issue out of a single group, although Facebook has always been relatively flexible in this area anyhow.

Over time, standard operating procedures and other conventions will drift sufficiently apart between the groups (you can see more visible effects of this when you look at large companies where some product groups are comprised of much more competent personnel than others, and end up producing far higher-quality output) that the de-synchronization will prompt the company to re-organize again into functional areas, primarily because it will become clear that increasing uniformity in procedures, technology, standards, etc would be good for the company.  After the uniformity is achieved, someone will subsequently notice that it would be better if the product-specific organizations could operate more freely from centralized control (and uniformity exists already so all the centralization is doing is causing people to have to spend excessive time coordinating) and the company will again re-organize along product verticals.  Each of these things happens in response to how synchronized the company happens to be between its different groups at any one time, which is why companies cycle between the two states.

So Facebook is just entering the first phase of this back-and-forth cycle.