Because startups are not finished products like films or even restaurants.

The actual analogy you are looking for here are "analysts" and "industry pundits" who usually discuss and criticize the actions of large, established companies.  Wall Street analysts will in fact (theoretically) downgrade a company or cite its weaknesses in their reports, as will industry pundits.

Having "critics" for a startup is kind of useless, because almost every startup is potentially fatally flawed (this is more or less why you can't invest in them as a retail investor - the risk level is too high for all but people who have hundreds of thousands of dollars to risk).  This would be like having film critics visit the set of a movie while it's being shot or standing around in the editing room and then writing up their premature impressions of why the movie might suck because it took a hundred takes to get a scene right or the production was running way over budget - the film hasn't been finished, cut and released yet, and on-set opinions (in both directions) have only a very loose bearing on how good the final film ends up being.  Likewise, you couldn't have a food critic standing around in a kitchen trying to determine how good their meal is going to be by watching the chaos in the kitchen - either the food is going to be done right and the presentation and service will be good, or it won't, and you can't tell until it's done and done.

Startups are basically real businesses in a formative, experimental stage.  They could be failing over and over until they get it right - some of them die, some of them pull off a miracle and become what are later considered essential businesses providing indispensable services.  A startup that fails completely and a startup and is eventually a massive success both look pretty much the same at the beginning, and "critics" would just help kill the ones that might otherwise succeed.  Thus, having "critics" during that stage is useless - by definition their ambient feedback is basically "you are not making any money and you don't have any customers, and you are probably going to die" - keep in mind that outside of the Valley, the popular wisdom is still that working for a small company is a risky and foolish thing to do, much less "quitting your well-paying job and starting one."  The amount of cheerleading, in my opinion, barely makes up for that reality.