Jessica Hui's answer is very instructive and contains all the right practical advice, so I'll just skip to psychological core of the issue.  This is the bit of perspective that high school seniors don't typically have but is very important:

This in no way ruins or even adversely affects your future.

There's a persistent myth in the United States that college (and often one or two particular colleges) are the core determinant of and gateway to a good future.  This leads to huge amounts of angst, stress, and heartache as high school students and their parents do all sorts of crazy things to try and get into some set of colleges they've arbitrarily determined as being "the right one(s)" for them, not least of all potentially putting themselves into unsustainable levels of debt to pay for it.

If you are smart, talented, or capable, and you are able to set goals and work hard at them, it literally doesn't matter at all if you don't get into the college you think you "need" to get into.

Personally, I was rejected (waitlisted, technically) from 100% of the schools I wanted to get into and ended up going to what I considered my "backup school."  It was still a good school, but notably I wasted nearly my entire freshman year being upset about this and being concerned about how I wasn't at the school I really wanted to be.  Instead, if I'd simply accepted where I was and set to work making the best of things, I would have been much happier.  Even having failed to do this though, it didn't negatively affect the rest of my life.

My situation isn't unique.  I knew a lot of smart, capable people when I was younger who didn't get into desirable colleges, and instead went to - well, any variety of post-secondary education (or lack thereof) - and literally without exception, the ones who were capable, knew what they wanted to do, and worked hard at it have made great lives for themselves (in many cases they have done better than the peers who did make it into those schools).

Your deferral, or perhaps even eventually rejection, does not matter at all.  What matters is that you are going to end up somewhere, and wherever that is, you should take stock of what you've got, set some goals, and work really hard at them.  Seriously.  All that matters is how hard you decide to work and how cleverly you plan your strategies based on what you've got at hand.   Rejection from college admission is really just a minor speedbump in life, so just forget about feeling about it, enjoy the rest of your senior year and summer, and come fall, get on with the rest of your life.