I think it's pretty pointless.  

I'm saying this as someone who had perfect attendance throughout all four years of high school.  I even got some little award for it, where me and the other students who had managed to achieve this little feat were invited to attend a special breakfast at school which, ironically, we had to get up extra early for because the awards breakfast was held before the start of the normal school day.  Keep in mind that this is the high school school day, which starts earlier than the middle school or elementary schools.  I think it was this awards breakfast that really drove home to me (and the couple other students seated at my table) the utter pointlessness of perfect attendance and getting recognition for it[1].  I didn't actually try to achieve perfect attendance, I just happened to never get sick on a weekday during those four years and I wasn't cool enough to have any delinquent/illicit hobbies that gave me a good excuse to skip school for so, lo and behold, four years later I ended up having perfect attendance.

What I understand now is that recognizing perfect attendance is basically the equivalent of punching a ticket: being there.  Well, there are some circumstances where "being there" is good and necessary, like if you work in a manufacturing job where widgets-made are determined mostly by hours-worked, or if you work a critical services job that needs you to be "on-demand" (e.g. police, firemen, guards/security).  But for information workers, and subsequently education, what matters is results and effectiveness.  And that's only partially determined by attendance - you just need to be there enough.

Obviously, it's a good idea to "be there" when your free public education is being handed out each day, so in an ideal world where that's actually happening in schools, it would be desirable for a student to have perfect attendance simply so they could maximize the amount they could learn (for free!  thank socialism, yay!).  However, it's not an achievement in and of itself, and I think recognizing it in any way just distorts incentives - not that, I think, any student who ever achieved perfect attendance was trying to do so or cared about being recognized for it, if my reading of the other students at that awards breakfast was correct.  

Interestingly, in my senior year I was enrolled full-time at the University of Minnesota via a program whereby students who could pass the admissions criteria for any accredited public university were allowed to take classes there in lieu of being at a high school (kind of a liberal vouchers-type program), so I spent zero time actually at the high school itself, but because my "required hours at school" was zero, I still fulfilled the requirements for having perfect attendance.  Of course, at the university, I would not always attend my lectures and would generally attend according to how well I thought they would benefit me, but I viewed that year as probably the one where I learned the most.  So that's another argument against promoting attendance as a virtue in and of itself.

This answer has really just been a rambling story about how much of a nerd I am/was, but hopefully it makes the point that even maximal achievement of attendance is a worthless goal to strive for, and recognizing it is a waste of time.

----


[1] Interestingly, because this awards breakfast had to occur before the end of the school year (no one is going to come to school to have breakfast on-site in the summer), there were a couple week left to the school year and it was clear that me and the other sleepy students grumbling at my breakfast table (held in, unsurprisingly, the school cafeteria) that we could "take the award and run" and just not show up for the next couple weeks, ha ha, and we'd still get the award.   Not that anyone actually valued the piece of paper they were handing us - we just wanted to go back to sleep.